Through my experience playing basketball for over 12 years, I have created unbreakable bonds with my teammates and coaches. It's something that got me involved in the sport, allowing me to meet new people. When I started playing Basketball, I joined a recreationally team. However, after five years of recreational, in grade 6 I took the initiative to try out for a competitive Basketball team and was selected to join the team. The last six years of playing competitive basketball have significantly impacted the person I am today by developing my leadership and teamwork skills. Specifically, during my third year, my coach appointed me as Captain due to my demonstrating leadership. Over the years, our team created a tight bond that constantly helped each other improve our game so we could be successful, and it was a big part of why we stuck together. 

As Captain, I am responsible for being the leader and role model of the team. I take the initiative by leading warm-ups, practice drills, and pep talks, while ensuring every player knows their role on and off the court. If I notice a team member is distracted or frustrated, I strive to help them get back to a positive headspace for the betterment of the team. Being a leader l have to show my commitment and dedication to set an example for the team. 

In my first year as captain, our teamwork was tested after losing an important first game during the Ontario Basketball League playoffs. We anticipated beating that team, but many team members let their emotions get the best of them. We would have to win the next two games to move on to the finals. While the stakes were high, team morale and energy were low, as many of my teammates felt hopeless and upset. As the captain, I spoke to my teammates individually and as a larger group to remind us of our dedication and efforts throughout the season. After this pep talk, the team approached the game with a new mindset which showed in our communication and resilience. While we may have lost in the final, our team overcame a significant challenge and came together to support one another, which eventually helped us in future seasons together.

After our final season came to a close in May 2022, it hit me that those weren't just my teammates. It allowed me to recall why I joined and came back every year, creating bonds and friendships that will last a lifetime. I learned being the captain isn’t about being the best athlete or player; it’s about being the best support system and leader for the team. Being the team captain, I will take these lessons I learned within basketball and apply them to all areas of my life as a team player and leader


