It all started when I visited Kenya, the home country of my grandfather. While seeing this amazing country, I was able to visit the Jain center of Nairobi, a community space with a mission of preserving and developing the Jain religion. I discovered something unique as I explored the community center with my family. Many youths helped the elderly out of their own kindness and altruism. This inspired me to connect with my community back in Canada and volunteer in my free time to help others. Over the last three years, I have volunteered my time at the Jain Society of Toronto and have developed many meaningful skills while contributing to my community.

The society is a not-for-profit organization that hosts events, community spaces, and philanthropic initiatives for 10,000 people across Canada, who follow and believe in the Jain religion. As a first-year volunteer, I helped by refilling members' water during lunch and holding the door open for older adults. Although it was a basic role, I stayed committed and developed a passion for helping. In my second year as a volunteer, I began to take on much more responsibility. Every Sunday, a meal of 6 dishes is served to approximately 150 people. While keeping dietary restrictions in mind, my role is to efficiently help serve guests as they line up for food and ensure the kitchen continues to refill any empty food trays. Since most of my fellow volunteers speak Gujarati, I found communicating difficult. I took the initiative to learn this language and adapt to the environment. As a result, I am now fluent, which has impacted me positively as I can better communicate with my team.

In a particular instance, the head of our team did not show up, and I saw a problem emerge. Our singular serving table wasn't enough to serve our lunch crowd efficiently. I had to act quickly as the lines were building up and people were hungry. So, I took the initiative to propose a solution. By adding a second serving table on the opposite side of the room, we could serve members quicker and direct traffic flow much better. This idea was a huge success and is still utilized to this day.

With effort and persistence, I have recently inspired 15 new members of the young generation to sign up as volunteers. Encouraging them to help others and explaining kitchen protocols have helped me build my leadership skills and network. Due to my hard work, dedication, and leadership, I was awarded the Young Volunteer of the Year award on December 18th, 2022.

As I continue to make an impact by dedicating my time and energy to my community, I will strive to inspire my peers to increase our positive impact. Just as I witnessed in Kenya, I have learned the power and beauty of a collective group coming together for a common goal, something I will carry with me at the Richard Ivey School of Business and beyond. 
