The self-empowerment I achieve from playing basketball is unlike anything I've ever felt. Six years ago, I played basketball recreationally then switched to competitive for 3 years throughout elementary school. Once I began high school, I was excited to start playing again and experience what it’s like to be a part of a school team. However, this all changed due to the pandemic, and no teams operating during grades 10 and 11. When grade 12 came around, I knew it would be an even more competitive selection process as the last few years were canceled. I tried out and successfully made the varsity girls' basketball team which has been a pivotal part of my grade 12 year and has grown me into the leader I am today. 

When I joined the team, I knew I was not going to be the star player after years of not playing competitively. However, this did not stop me from being one of the hardest workers on the team. I was never a starter, yet, I always knew the value of working as a team. I took the initiative to work out at the gym to build my stamina and get to the position I wanted, which successfully paid off when my coach put on me as a starter. While I was not the leader in talent, I led with a positive attitude on and off the court. I was a supportive and encouraging teammate which led to our team's success.

The adjustment of joining a varsity team was a big change for me after not playing for many years. As a new team, we had to learn to communicate during practices, as well as work together in a cooperative manner. Our coach always told us that winning would never come from working as individuals but rather from a strong worth ethic as a team. Although it was challenging at first, all of our practices paid off and gave us the opportunity to play in the Joseph Weiner Tournament in Baltimore. Though we were unaware of the other teams' skill levels, that did not stop our resilience on the court. Our hard work collaborating as a team was beneficial as we exceeded our goal and won all seven of our games. 

Even though I may not be the most talented player, these basketball experiences have taught me the importance of being a leader. Despite some of us not being starters, we all led the team by working together and encouraging one another on the court. We provided a group effort of positive contributions that led the team to their deserved victory. These experiences on the court have made me realize how much of a leader I was toward my team and how I can carry that into my life. At the Richard Ivey School of Business, I hope to convey the same work ethic and step up as a leader when necessary. 
