From a very young age, I started going to overnight camp with my best friends. As I grew older, I began to attend for the whole summer and experienced many enjoyable activities. After eight years of being a camper, I knew I wanted to take the position of a Camp Counselor. During grade 10, I applied to be a Counselor in training (CIT) for the following summer and was successfully selected. After that summer, I applied to be a counselor, a position that only some CITS are chosen for. As a counselor, I have grown into a more mature woman and demonstrated a leadership role amongst the younger campers in camp.

As a CIT, I experienced my first leadership experience within my camp community. Being a CIT came with responsibilities including, facilitating two girls' cabins, for ages 9-10 and 13-14. Additionally, I was responsible for managing water activities like sailing and waterskiing. Despite having little experience with sailing, I took the initiative to spend time beyond my role, learning and practicing, so I could best support the campers around me. As a CIT, I worked in a team with fellow CIT’s to plan the annual Midnight Madness event. We worked together to delegate tasks for this special event that all campers look forward to. Specifically, the role of painting murals and preparing food was a task I completed, alongside a team. 

Once I became a counselor, I was given even more responsibilities. I had to be a leader not only for the campers but also for the CIT’s. Additionally, in order to be a counselor on water activity, I had to pass my bronze cross-certification, which I took the initiative to complete prior to taking on this role. While I achieved a great extent as a counselor my biggest achievement was making an impact on a 10-year-old named Maya. Maya was excluded from the cabin group and was not enjoying camp as much as she could have been. I supported her by doing the activities she was hesitant of doing and showing her ways to be more involved. By the end of my contributions, she was able to feel more comfortable with the girls in the cabin. 

Overall, being a counselor has shown me the importance of carrying a leadership role within my community. I exhibited a kind of confidence in myself that I didn’t know I had prior to entering this role. I worked well with other counselors which allowed our campers to have a better experience and admire our sense of commitment. Although some of the days were challenging, I knew that I was making a positive experience for my campers by providing them with the exciting experiences that camp has to offer. By taking initiative in the waterfront activities, I learned more about myself and what I am capable of doing. This allowed me to exceed a sense of resilience within my camp community as well as inside the HBA program and beyond. 
