Throughout my childhood, my grandmother shared stories about her life in India, where she struggled to balance taking care of her siblings with attending school. I have so much gratitude for my opportunities and the advantages they bring me, which inspired my interest in helping to create equal access to education. I applied and was selected as a volunteer for Aim for Seva (AFS), a non-profit organization that works to increase the accessibility of education for young people across India. AFS works to make attending school more accessible to children in rural areas by providing accessible living facilities in close proximity to the schools. 

After one year of volunteering, I applied to be co-chair of the youth committee and was selected due to my demonstrated dedication to the charity. My experience in this role has developed me as a leader while also allowing me to encourage more young people to join the cause. As co-chair, I am responsible for recruiting volunteers for the annual fundraising gala, delegating tasks among volunteers, and organizing the volunteers for key events. The Backpack Project is one of our most important initiatives, where we purchase school supplies and backpacks that will be made into bundles and sent to India. Our hard work paid off as we raised $3000, enough for 150 backpacks, a 200% increase from the previous year. 

Additionally, I lead the group in brainstorming sessions for fundraisers and new initiatives. To make this brainstorming effective, I took the initiative to build trust with the volunteers, which helped to facilitate better communication and led to more ideas being shared. Specifically, our team reflected on how the students we support are far away from their homes and families. This inspired us to start The Cloud Project, a brand new initiative collecting and donating comfort supplies, including blankets, pillows, and mattresses. 

As co-chair, I have gained a deeper understanding of myself and my values while developing new skills. I have learned that I am passionate about enacting social change, at home and abroad. I now know that taking initiative and working with a team can lead to innovative new ideas, as well as faster problem-solving. I have learned that leadership is not about me, it is about the people I am leading. As a leader, to achieve great things, you need to establish a positive relationship with your team. 

Additionally, I plan to continue my leadership and advocacy at Western University by getting involved with Aim to Educate, a campus club that is affiliated with AFS. I hope to volunteer and become a member of the executive committee, so I can continue my dedication to the Aim for Seva cause while at Western University and beyond.
