Every year I look forward to trying new cuisines at Food Truck Wars, an annual food truck festival in my hometown of Winnipeg. While attending the festival the summer following grade ten, I saw a job opportunity for Truck Body, a company that builds food trucks. I applied, was interviewed, and was hired for the role of Shop Helper, a position I held for three consecutive summers. I wanted to continue learning about the business and make an impact beyond this summer role. Two months ago, I applied and was selected for a 6-month internship at the head office, my current position. From hands-on teamwork at the base of operations to adopting the leadership qualities of an executive at head office, I have experienced how a business functions from the inside out.

Throughout my three years of commitment to my role as a Shop Helper, I worked alongside engineers and project team leaders to assemble the food trucks. I was responsible for fetching tools, facilitating parts from various sources, coordinating the movement of bodies down the production line, and assisting the painters. I have learned communication is crucial for effective teamwork as on the production line, I was constantly communicating with members of other teams to coordinate equipment with maximum efficiency. Furthermore, I discovered the connection between organized processes and productivity. Something as simple as putting away a tool after use may seem insignificant, yet can dramatically speed up production.

As the first Intern at Truck Body, I have witnessed how executive decisions are made across all areas of the business. I participate in leadership meetings by taking notes and contributing my own ideas. These include project and sales meetings, coordination with engineers, communication between the shop leader and executives, and government and regulation meetings. I also attend industry events to connect with local entrepreneurs and discuss partnership opportunities. Additionally, I noticed a lack of recycling bins within our office. Due to my passion for environmental sustainability, I took the initiative to implement a recycling system which was recognized and applauded by our head engineer. 

As I approach my fourth year as an employee at Truck Body, I reflect on my extensive experience working in a team and seeing growth and operations across the business. This opportunity has helped me to better understand the way a business functions in real life. I have become more financially independent, while learning how to communicate as a leader, market and sell a product, and coordinate with other teams to work efficiently. I will continue to learn and utilize these skills both during my time at the Richard Ivey School of Business and toward my future entrepreneurial ventures. 
