Enjoying savoury popcorn while watching a movie under the stars is something I'll never forget as a childhood memory. Three years ago, I saw a job opportunity, and I did not hesitate to apply for a position there. After applying, I conducted an interview and was selected as a customer service supervisor. In this role over the past three years, I’ve learned a lot about what it takes to run a business. While taking on more responsibility, I worked collaboratively as a team with my colleagues across the business while supporting customers in the best way possible. 

During my first year, my job was more limited. I was responsible for ensuring everyone's car was in the right spot so everyone could see the movie while working the beverage machine with co-workers in the snack shop. As a 14-year-old, customers often doubted my expertise and knowledge. Nevertheless, I pushed myself to take the initiative to go above and beyond to understand all possible questions or rules to provide the best customer service. Due to the seasonal nature of the business, I was initially hired for one summer. Due to my hard work, I was hired back for the following two summers. 

In my third year, most recently, I took on greater responsibilities and a leadership role among staff. After I understood the customer's needs and wants, I explored ways to enhance the customer experience. Since the drive-in attracts 3000 people per night, new employees can feel overwhelmed, allowing me to support, train, guide, and show the magic of the drive in. I ensured they were suited to fulfill their role to the best of their abilities. Additionally, I took the initiative to help give my boss feedback directly from customers on food selections, movies, and customer service to help guarantee customer satisfaction. As the customer service supervisor, I worked collaboratively with the box office, snack shop workers, and manager to ensure a smooth night. It allowed me to not only deal with customer service but going above and beyond by helping my co-workers with there jobs they were tasked to do.

The knowledge and experience I gained helped me see a different perspective on how the world operates. I saw how it takes teamwork and commitment for an operating business to achieve success every night while seeing all the other elements that must come together for customers to have a great experience. The drive-in enhanced my teamwork skills by allowing me to see everyone has to help each other out because the team is only as strong as its weakest link. Even though pushing myself to be the best I could be, there was no greater joy than seeing people having a wonderful time. I plan to continue my job this summer and take on an even more significant leadership role.


