In 2019, the Toronto Raptors won Canada's first NBA championship. Seeing the Raptors celebrate their achievement was a pivotal moment for my classmates and me. I have been playing basketball since I was nine years old, and this historical win pushed me to start grade 9 with a goal of making the school's A-team. Although I did not make it, I was fortunately given the opportunity to represent the B-team.

During my grade 10 year, the pandemic hit and all competitive athletics were shut down. By grade 12, all competitive sports were reinstated, and I had the opportunity to try out for the Senior basketball team. I performed exceptionally well and achieved my goal of making the Senior varsity A-team! However, all other avenues for athletics remained paused, including B-teams, practice squads, and recreational basketball. Players who did not make the A-team were left with no outlet to develop as athletes or socialize. Due to these restrictions, my peers' mental health and athletic development were impacted negatively.

I knew I had to respond. I took the initiative to start the Cougar's Den; a high school basketball club that granted students from grades 9-12 the opportunity to develop their skills regardless of their level of talent. It also created an outlet for students to socialize and work as a team.

The idea was initially declined by the Dean, as no sports clubs were going to be permitted for 2022 due to limited gym space and no available supervisors. This frustrated me because the Dean did not see what my cohort was facing. However, I took this as a challenge, knowing if I addressed the situation correctly, I could find a way. I first met with the Athletics Council and explained to them why my club was so important. They agreed with me, and we were able to secure a functional gym time. I also scheduled a meeting with a close teacher and convinced him to be my supervisor. With a supervisor and gym space secured, I wrote a secondary proposal for the Dean to assess. This time my proposal was approved, and I was able to launch my club! As the Founder of my club, I collaborated with the athletics council and my supervisor to organize weekly creative training sessions, where I taught and helped 35 students develop their quiver of basketball. As this required a lot of time and effort, I realized I needed some help. I brought on a friend to help manage our major events, which include a 3-point contest, fantasy pool, and weekly scrimmages. Today, Cougars Den has the highest attendance rate out of all other clubs at my school and is the only active sports club this year!

Starting the Cougars Den was an exciting endeavour and a key learning experience for me as I chart my future. I believe the challenges I faced, the problems I solved, and the goals I achieved will truly advance my vision to one day create my own entrepreneurial venture.
