Throughout the eighth grade, I observed Student Council meetings as they were open to all students. In these meetings, I witnessed students from high school working as a collective to enact positive change in the school community. I was inspired by these leaders and wanted to create an impact just as they did. In grade eleven, I began my path toward this goal by applying for the grade eleven student council representative. I was elected by my peers and acted as the grade eleven representative on our student council. In this role, I created positive change and wanted to keep this momentum going. At the end of grade eleven, I applied for the role of graduating class president. Due to the trust I built during my first year on the council, I was successfully elected as the graduating class president.

In this leadership role, I am responsible for a number of initiatives. First, the graduating class donation, where I facilitate student engagement while striving to reach our fundraising goal. Next, I am the treasurer for the student council, where I organize student council finances, while also being the grade twelve representative on the council. Additionally, I oversee all graduating class decision-making, including graduation technicalities, group donations, and class dress code.

One of my first priorities as president was spearheading the highly anticipated grad hoodies. Each year, the class comes together to decide on a quote to put on the hoodie. This quote is meant to represent the entire graduating class. It was important for every student to have input, which led me to implement a voting system. I did so in two steps: first, through a poll where quotes could be submitted, then a vote to determine the most popular quote. Additionally, to plan, order, and distribute the hoodies as efficiently as possible, my co-president and I delegated tasks. I was responsible for the quote and communicating our progress to the advising teacher, while my co-chair was tasked with selecting the colour and type of sweater. As a result of our teamwork, not only was the quote voting system well received, but we completed the graduation hoodie project the earliest it has ever been done.

As student council treasurer, I also take a leadership role in the Thanksgiving food drive. This year, the student council leaders, including myself, were away on a school trip during the drive. This left it in the hands of the new members of the council. However, we worked together to ensure these members had the resources needed to run a successful food drive. As a result, the drive was a huge success and we saw record amounts of donations.

My role as graduating class president has taught me the importance of initiative and inspiration while shaping me into a stronger leader. I plan to continue to take on new leadership opportunities where I will utilize these skills to create a positive impact in my community.
