When I first began high school, I felt nervous, confused, and worried about fitting in. This all changed at The Freshmen Retreat, when a grade 12 student in the Maroon and White Society (M&W), who I looked up to as a role model, took me under his wing and helped me feel a sense of belonging. This had a significant impact on me, and I aspired to join the M&W throughout high school. The M&W is a highly regarded group of 30 grade 12 students within my school, who are selected by students and staff based on their demonstrated leadership skills. At the end of grade eleven, I was honoured to be selected as an M&W leader. Through this leadership position, I have had the opportunity to create a meaningful impact within my community.

In this role, I was responsible for participating in weekly general meetings, leading weekly subcommittee meetings, and coordinating school-wide events. While not every M&W member leads a subcommittee, I took initiative to step up as the leader for the Mission Week Lunch Fundraiser. Mission Week is a week dedicated to fundraising for the Toba Centre, a community space in Winnipeg supporting youth affected by abuse. I coordinated a group of six members to organize the fundraiser by assigning tasks and deadlines and initiating new marketing techniques. Due to our hard work and advancement in marketing, we beat our goal and raised over $1650, which was 25% of Mission Week’s total fundraised dollars. 

My greatest achievement as an M&W leader was creating a new approach to our school-wide Holy Communion. Every month 600+ students and teachers participate in a church service. I noticed organizational issues and brought this forward to the M&W society. Through collaborative discussion, we decided to establish a new subcommittee for Ushering, for which I became the lead. Taking on this role made me one of the only M&W members leading two subcommittees. In this leadership position, I arrived early for mass, led walk-through meetings with student ushers, and determined a new strategy and approach to ensure the organization of the events, which still continues today. Due to our new ideas and processes, the subcommittee and I received praise from the priest and teachers for our hard work and accomplishments.

Through this role as a leader in my community, my desire to serve others has grown. I am proud to be a role model to the younger students the same way the M&W leaders were to me. I have learned to overcome any self-doubt when proposing new ideas while inspiring a team of others to join my mission for a common goal. I know that wherever I go, I can make a positive impact on the community by applying the lessons I have learned as an M&W leader. 
