What is the biggest letdown you have had in your life? What did you do about it, and what did you learn? 
Ray:
In 2020, my peers and I were thrown into strange times, beginning high school in the middle of a pandemic. Throughout the past few years, these unique circumstances have drastically impacted mental health among youth. Personally, I have struggled with anxiety and burnout, and there was an extremely limited amount of help available to me. The biggest letdown that I have experienced is the lack of resources available to help with mental struggles and the overall fear of discussing mental health.
Despite this letdown, in 2021, I interned at Kids Help Phone (KHP) and was selected to be one of fifteen members of their National Youth Council. As a council member, I took the initiative to implement new discussion forums and resources for athletes who struggle with mental health. Inspired by my success, I wanted to make a difference within my community, and so I campaigned for many weeks to launch a Wellness Conference within my school. There were many challenges associated with this, including receiving administrative approval, securing speakers, and raising awareness, but I was able to overcome these challenges by leveraging KHP resources and convincing my principals to mandate an assembly. In February, over 650 students will be present at the conference!
Through this, I have learned to use my own struggles and disappointments to take action and provide positive resources to every student at my school. This has impacted my perspective and the choices I make as a leader, as I now consistently go outside my comfort zone to address challenges and letdowns. I have applied this in my role as President of my school’s charity club, and I hope to continue my leadership and advocacy at the Smith School of Business.

Victoria:
Since I was three years old, swimming has been an important part of my life. It is my outlet for connecting with my peers and challenging myself beyond my comfort zone. However, I noticed that youth with disabilities did not have the same opportunities as I did due tothe swimming instructor’s failure to adjust to their students’ needs. This has led me to create my business, C&V Swim School. This is the biggest letdown I have faced, as it has motivated me to teach swimming in an inclusive environment.
Rayan was my first student with a disability. Previously, he attended lessons at a community center, however, they failed to properly support him and his unique needs due to his autism. He was struggling to dunk his head underwater, so I took the initiative to adjust my approach to his comfort levels. First, I introduced him to the water by singing his favorite song. Next, I utilized various resources such as floaties and rings to alleviate the anxiety Rayan had about the water. By leveraging various resources, Rayan successfully dunked his head for the first time!
My biggest letdown has helped me better understand the significance of advocacy. This has motivated me to continue to advocate for individuals with special needs through my role as a tutor with disabilities. Through these experiences, I am proud I have created safe and inclusive environments not only for people with disabilities but for everyone around me. I plan to continue these efforts in future leadership roles, so I can utilize my voice to help others.

Aryana: 
In the middle of grade ten, I was forced to switch schools. I isolated myself from my new classmates, worsening my battle with depression. In this situation, I felt like I was letting myself down and was not acting like myself. 
To first overcome this challenge, I took the initiative to read self-help books and confide in a friend as a resource to improve my mental health. This led me to make the decision to take the initiative and become involved in my new school as the social director. In this role, I plan school-wide events that help bring students feeling isolated together, connecting them with one another. Specifically, while planning our annual movie night I was challenged as student engagement has been low following the pandemic. To address this, I took the initiative and led the decision to donate all proceeds to students in need within our community. Additionally, I reached out to local grocery stores for donations in support of our cause. This was a success, as we donated over $300 to students in need, and had over 70 students in attendance! I then approached my school’s principal as a resource to help distribute funds to those in need within our community.
This experience has taught me the importance of pushing myself out of my comfort zone, to see positive change in my life. When working to bring others up, I did the same for myself. I have applied this new perspective beyond this experience by becoming a volunteer with Global Medic, building water filtration kits for Ukraine, along with my role as a peer tutor. Moving forward, I will continue to apply this learning to future teams at Smith Commerce and beyond.

Emma:
From a young age, I have always had to work harder to learn the same information as my peers. This was especially true when I joined the International Baccalaureate (IB) program in high school. However, at the beginning of grade twelve, I was diagnosed with dyslexia. Struggling with low grades while consistently putting in effort and not seeing an improvement, all while struggling with dyslexia, has been one of my biggest letdowns. 
Receiving this diagnosis finally explained and validated the unique challenges I had to face. Through my struggle, I had to learn to take the initiative by coming in for help before and after school, forming study groups, and connecting with my teachers. As a result, I learned to consistently approach my struggles with initiative as a way of overcoming letdowns. Although resources were offered following my diagnosis, I was still very hesitant to accept them, as I was worried about what others would think of me. After accepting them and seeing the significant benefit of using my resources, I now proactively strive to seek and utilize them when faced with a letdown.
While struggling with dyslexia has caused me countless letdowns, I have become a more open-minded, resourceful, and confident version of myself. This applies to all areas of my life beyond my schoolwork, specifically my passion for teaching at Kumon, where I strive to adapt various teaching strategies based on students' needs. At the Smith school of Business and beyond, I will continue to utilize my resources to overcome letdowns to further grow myself and the community around me






Describe a time when you struggled with overlapping commitments. How did you combat this? What did you learn? 

Aryana:
In the middle of grade ten, I was forced to switch schools. I isolated myself from my new classmates, worsening my battle with depression. As well, to further immerse myself into my school community, I took the initiative and became the social director of my school, where I am responsible for organizing school-wide events. I found it challenging to manage my commitment to myself, by working on my mental health and my commitment to my leadership responsibilities, as social director, as they often overlapped. 
To combat this challenge, I took the initiative to read self-help books as a resource to improve my mental health. As well, I confided in my team to help take on some of my responsibilities as social director. When planning my school’s annual movie night, I realized that student engagement had been low following the pandemic. To address this, I took the initiative and led the decision to donate all proceeds to students in need within our community. Additionally, I led my team to reach out to local grocery stores for donations in support of our cause. This was a success, as we donated over $300 to students in need, and had over 70 students in attendance! I then approached my school’s principal as a resource to help distribute funds to those in need within our community.
By receiving support from others, I have learned the importance of going above and beyond to help those around me.  I have applied this new perspective beyond this experience by becoming a volunteer with Global Medic, building water filtration kits for Ukraine, along with my role as a peer tutor. Moving forward, I will continue to apply this learning to future teams at Smith Commerce and beyond.









Describe a time when you had to find a creative or out-of-the-box solution to a problem. What did you learn from this experience?
Aryana:
In the middle of grade ten, I was forced to switch schools and felt isolated in my new environment. However, school events helped to ease my transition and connect me with new friends. This inspired me to get involved in my new school as the social director, planning school-wide events. Following the pandemic, engagement in events was significantly low. This was a significant issue as when planning my school’s annual movie night, I wanted to obtain the most amount of donations possible, to support my fundraiser for mental health. To achieve this, I needed to find a creative and out-of-the-box solution.
To overcome this issue, I decided to take the initiative by using my team of six students, along with the rest of the executives, as a resource to help me reach out to local grocery stores for donations in support of my cause. My efforts were a success, as we received a total of $100 in gift cards, donated over $300 to students in need, and had over 70 students in attendance! After collecting the donations, I then used my school’s principal as a resource to help distribute funds to those in need within our community.
This experience has taught me the importance of taking the initiative to implement new and creative ideas, to create a positive impact. By taking the initiative to implement new and innovative ideas within my school, I solved my issue of low student engagement, while giving back to families in need. I have applied this perspective beyond this experience as a volunteer with Global Medic, building water filtration kits for Ukraine, along with my role as a peer tutor. Moving forward, I will continue to apply this learning to future teams at Smith Commerce and beyond.

Emma:
From a young age, I have always had to work harder to learn the same information as my peers. This was especially true when I joined the International Baccalaureate(IB) program in high school. However, at the beginning of grade twelve, I was diagnosed with dyslexia. I have learned to adapt with a creative and out-of-the-box approach to balance the demands of the IB program while unknowingly struggling with dyslexia.

Receiving this diagnosis finally explained and validated the unique challenges I had to face. Throughout my struggle, I had to be creative while learning to take the initiative by coming in for help before and after school, forming study groups, and connecting with my teachers. As a result, I learned to consistently approach my struggles with initiative as a way of overcoming them. Although resources were offered following my diagnosis, I was still very hesitant to accept them, as I was worried about what others would think of me. After accepting them and seeing the significant benefits of having a creative outlook, I now proactively strive to seek challenges with an out-of-the-box mindset. 

While struggling with dyslexia has caused me extra challenges, I have become a more open-minded, resourceful, and confident version of myself. This applies to all areas of my life beyond my schoolwork, specifically my passion for teaching at Kumon, where I strive to adapt new creative teaching strategies based on students' needs. At the Smith School of Business and beyond, I will continue to utilize creative problem solving skills to further grow myself and the community around me.












Describe a time when you were tasked with a project you thought was impossible. Describe your approach and what you have learned.
Aryana:
In the middle of grade ten, I was forced to switch schools and felt isolated in my new environment. However, school events helped to ease my transition and connect me with new friends. This inspired me to get involved in my new school as the social director, planning school-wide events. Following the pandemic, not only was engagement in events fairly low, but the financial circumstances of many families within my school were negatively impacted. When I was tasked with the responsibility of organizing movie night, I knew I wanted to help meet some of these issues. Therefore, I decided that I wanted to donate all the profits from this event to low-income students within my community. Despite this goal feeling impossible, I knew that it required a strong approach to overcome.
My first step to overcoming this challenge was to take the initiative and use my team of six students, along with the rest of the executive team, as a resource to help me reach out to local grocery stores in support of my cause. My efforts were a success, as we received a total of $100 in gift cards, donated over $300 to students in need, and had over 70 students in attendance! After collecting the donations, I used my school’s principal as a resource to help distribute funds to those in need within our community.
This experience has taught me the importance of using my leadership position to create a positive impact. By taking the initiative to implement new and innovative ideas within my school, I overcame, what I believed to be an impossible challenge of low student engagement while giving back to families in need. I have applied this perspective beyond this experience as a volunteer with Global Medic, building water filtration kits for Ukraine, along with my role as a peer tutor. Moving forward, I will continue to apply this learning to future teams at Smith Commerce and beyond.






Explain a time someone pointed out a personal weakness of yours, how did you handle the situation? 
Victoria: 

Since I was three years old, swimming has been an important part of my life. It is my outlet for connecting with my peers and challenging myself beyond my comfort zone. When a parent noticed that her son was not progressing at the same rate as others, she pointed out my failure to adjust my swimming lessons to her special needs son. This has led me to create my business, C&V Swim School where it has given me the opportunity to teach swimming in an inclusive environment.

Rayan was my first student with a disability. Previously, he attended lessons at a community center, however, they failed to properly support him and his unique needs due to his autism. He was struggling to dunk his head underwater, so I took the initiative to adjust my approach to his comfort levels. First, I introduced him to the water by singing his favorite song. Next, I utilized various resources such as floaties and rings to alleviate the anxiety Rayan had about the water. By leveraging various resources, Rayan successfully dunked his head for the first time!

This experience has helped me better understand the significance of adjusting my approach to everyone’s unique needs. This has motivated me to continue to advocate for individuals with special needs through my role as a tutor for students with disabilities. Through these experiences, I am proud I have created safe and inclusive environments not only for people with disabilities but for everyone around me. I plan to continue these efforts in future leadership roles, so I can utilize my voice to help others.
